ceph: add filesystem mirror peers configuration (#7604)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-fs-mirror-crd.md

### FilesystemMirror Settings

* `peers`: to configure mirroring peers
  * `secretNames`:  a list of peers to connect to. Currently (Ceph Pacific release) **only a single** peer is supported where a peer represents a Ceph cluster.
  However, if you want to enable mirroring of multiple filesystems, you would have to have **one Secret per filesystem**.
* `placement`: The cephfs-mirror pods can be given standard Kubernetes placement restrictions with `nodeAffinity`, `tolerations`, `podAffinity`, and `podAntiAffinity` similar to placement defined for daemons configured by the [cluster CRD](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/{{ branchName }}/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/cluster.yaml).
* `annotations`: Key value pair list of annotations to add.
* `labels`: Key value pair list of labels to add.
* `resources`: The resource requirements for the cephfs-mirror pods.
* `priorityClassName`: The priority class to set on the cephfs-mirror pods.

> ### Configuring mirroring peers

Reviewer: How about moving this section higher in the doc before the list of settings? You need to read about how to use the feature before you need to know the detailed CRD settings. The same change would apply to the rbd doc

On an external site you want to mirror with, you need to create a bootstrap peer token.
The token will be used by one site to **pull** images from the other site.
The following assumes the name of the pool is "test" and the site name "europe" (just like the region), so we will be pulling images from this site:

```console
external-cluster-console # ceph fs snapshot mirror peer_bootstrap create myfs2 client.mirror europe

> {"token": "eyJmc2lkIjogIjgyYjdlZDkyLTczYjAtNGIyMi1hOGI3LWVkOTQ4M2UyODc1NiIsICJmaWxlc3lzdGVtIjogIm15ZnMyIiwgInVzZXIiOiAiY2xpZW50Lm1pcnJvciIsICJzaXRlX25hbWUiOiAidGVzdCIsICJrZXkiOiAiQVFEVVAxSmdqM3RYQVJBQWs1cEU4cDI1ZUhld2lQK0ZXRm9uOVE9PSIsICJtb25faG9zdCI6ICJbdjI6MTAuOTYuMTQyLjIxMzozMzAwLHYxOjEwLjk2LjE0Mi4yMTM6Njc4OV0sW3YyOjEwLjk2LjIxNy4yMDc6MzMwMCx2MToxMC45Ni4yMTcuMjA3OjY3ODldLFt2MjoxMC45OS4xMC4xNTc6MzMwMCx2MToxMC45OS4xMC4xNTc6Njc4OV0ifQ=="}

Reviewer: Seems like the doc doesn't need to include a long example token
```suggestion
{"token": "<token>"}
```

Author: I still think it's good for users to see the token resembles to the one in the example.

```

For more details, refer to the official ceph-fs mirror documentation on [how to create a bootstrap peer](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/dev/cephfs-mirroring/#bootstrap-peers).

When the peer token is available, you need to create a Kubernetes Secret.

> Our `europe-cluster-peer-fs-test-1` will have to be created manually, like so:

Reviewer: Can this secret name be anything? Maybe mention that the name can be anything.

Author: Yes it can be anything.

```console
$ kubectl -n rook-ceph create secret generic "europe-cluster-peer-fs-test-1" \
--from-literal=token=eyJmc2lkIjogIjgyYjdlZDkyLTczYjAtNGIyMi1hOGI3LWVkOTQ4M2UyODc1NiIsICJmaWxlc3lzdGVtIjogIm15ZnMyIiwgInVzZXIiOiAiY2xpZW50Lm1pcnJvciIsICJzaXRlX25hbWUiOiAidGVzdCIsICJrZXkiOiAiQVFEVVAxSmdqM3RYQVJBQWs1cEU4cDI1ZUhld2lQK0ZXRm9uOVE9PSIsICJtb25faG9zdCI6ICJbdjI6MTAuOTYuMTQyLjIxMzozMzAwLHYxOjEwLjk2LjE0Mi4yMTM6Njc4OV0sW3YyOjEwLjk2LjIxNy4yMDc6MzMwMCx2MToxMC45Ni4yMTcuMjA3OjY3ODldLFt2MjoxMC45OS4xMC4xNTc6MzMwMCx2MToxMC45OS4xMC4xNTc6Njc4OV0ifQ==
```

Rook will read a `token` key of the Data content of the Secret.

> You can now inject the fsmirror CR:

Reviewer: "creating" seems better to document than "injecting"
```suggestion
You can now create the mirroring CR:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephFilesystemMirror
metadata:
  name: my-fs-mirror
  namespace: rook-ceph
spec:
  peers:

>     secretNames:

Reviewer: I understand there can only be a single peer, so what if we combine peers and secretNames to be a single element?
```suggestion
    peerSecrets:
    - secret1
```

Author: Yes, but the goal is to have more peers in Quincy, so having a list keeps room for further improvements.

      - "europe-cluster-peer-pool-test-1"
```

> You can add more filesystems, for this just repeat the above and change the "token" value of the Kubernetes Secret.

Reviewer: All the filesystems would be in the same cluster, right? Is it possible to connect to filesystems in different clusters?
```suggestion
You can add more filesystems by repeating the above and changing the "token" value of the Kubernetes Secret.
```
